# AWFixer Source License, Version 1.0, AGLPLv2 Future License

Abbreviation:

\***\*ASL-1.0-LGPLv3\*\***

## Notice

This license applies to the combined libraries of the codebase it licenses in its current form, and two years of previous commits made to the respective codebase. Refer to the license for post licensing practices. The codebase and it's respective libraries are provided as is, with no support expect.

For Any security reports involving code in this license email disclosures@awfixer.me

#### Terms and Conditions

_Licensor ("We")_

The party offering the Software under these Terms and Conditions.

### The Software

The "Software" is each version of the software that we make available under
these Terms and Conditions, as indicated by our inclusion of these Terms and
Conditions with the Software.

### License Grant

Subject to your compliance with this License Grant and the Patents,
Redistribution and Trademark clauses below, we hereby grant you the right to
use, copy, modify, create derivative works, publicly perform, publicly display
and redistribute the Software for any Permitted Purpose identified below.

### Permitted Purpose

A Permitted Purpose is any purpose other than a Competing Use. A Competing Use
means making the Software available to others in a commercial product or
service that:

1. substitutes for the Software;

2. substitutes for any other product or service we offer using the Software
   that exists as of the date we make the Software available; or

3. offers the same or substantially similar functionality as the Software.

Permitted Purposes specifically include using the Software:

1. for your internal use and access;

2. for non-commercial education;

3. for non-commercial research; and

4. in connection with professional services that you provide to a licensee
   using the Software in accordance with these Terms and Conditions.

### Patents

To the extent your use for a Permitted Purpose would necessarily infringe our
patents, the license grant above includes a license under our patents. If you
make a claim against any party that the Software infringes or contributes to
the infringement of any patent, then your patent license to the Software ends
immediately.

### Security

Due to the nature of this license, and the software it is applied too, all security notices must be promptly brought to the attention of the original licensor, who can be reached by emailing awfixer@pm.me with an appropriate email subject.

### Acknowledgements

By using this software, and agreeing to this license, you acknoledge that you forfiet all laws about copyright, trademark, patent, and other ownership rules. You must change, and prove the difference of 95% of the software before redistributing it as your own.

### Redistribution

The Terms and Conditions apply to all copies, modifications and derivatives of
the Software.

If you redistribute any copies, modifications or derivatives of the Software,
you must include a copy of or a link to these Terms and Conditions and not
remove any copyright notices provided in or with the Software.

### Disclaimer

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.

IN NO EVENT WILL WE HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO YOU ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE
SOFTWARE, INCLUDING INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES,
EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THEIR POSSIBILITY IN ADVANCE.

### Trademarks

Except for displaying the License Details and identifying us as the origin of
the Software, you have no right under these Terms and Conditions to use our
trademarks, trade names, service marks or product names.

### Grant of Future License

We hereby irrevocably grant you an additional license to use the Software under
the LGPL, Version 3.0 that is effective on the second anniversary of
the date we make the Software available. On or after that date, you may use the
Software under the Apache License, Version 2.0, in which case the following
will apply:

Licensed under the LGPL, Version 3.0 (the "License"); you may not use
this file except in compliance with the License.

You may obtain a copy of the License at

[https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.md](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0.md)

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
